# Booster
Booster, an efficient UI trace reduction tool for Robotic Process Automation.



We go through the contents of each folder in alphabetical order.

## 1. Appendixes

The Appendixes folder contains additional data and content support for our paper.

- The_reason_why_each_trace_is_not_included_in_evaluation.xlsx. This file explains why some SARA traces are not included in our evaluation, as mentioned in our evaluation setup.
- RQ1_reduction_speed_figure\_(fig6)\_whole.pdf. This file contains all the figures of the trace length changes over time, mentioned in RQ1 and partially shown in Figure 6 in our paper.



## 2. Booster

The Booster folder contains the source code of the implementation of our approach, Booster, together with oracles for each trace.



## 3. Evaluation Results

The Evaluation Results folder contains all the evaluation results of our 3 RQs, represented in the form of Excel tables.

We provide all intermediate result of the reduction process (containing scripts of each trial and the screenshot with UI layout obtained during each trial), together with apks of the app subjects used in our evaluation in Google Drive. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tXufN-D84zQhVmqIlardMKPPpYvt7rJV?usp=sharing

Note that the data generated by DD is too large to even stored in Google Drive, we omitted this part of specific data.



## 4. SARA Scripts

The SARA Scripts folder contains the original SARA trace scripts, the SARA trace scripts we fixed, and the automated recovery scripts for helping traces to run stably, of our 39 subject traces.



## 5. SimplyDroid Reproduce

The SimplyDroid Reproduce folder contains the source code of SimplyDroid,  and we made minor changes to its input and output to apply it to RPA traces.
